said music is open
the pleasure of being here with a legend
living of the Mexican food embargo
apple mounts that also today we are going to
have the taste we are not initiating this
season of only 10 weeks if I have
a family of 16 and we're going to listen
remember you very well when you are in
the paid ones
this opportunity to interact with
young people of the theater as it can be
very happy very comfortable and above all very
proud because I feel that in Mexico
there is a seed of new young people who
they intend to arrive then to this one to realize
some show and I like it
that those people who are coming now
thriving to achieve a place in the
artistic environment master for not
talk about breaking the country rope I think
which is something very common but that can
as that interaction now with these
new young people and count technologies
that now how he manages to get attention
of this young audience
good look these young people are based
really in this new technology that
I'm mentioning and I think that for jesse
they will be facilitated a little more
because before to achieve a site
we have to turn off and he said get there and
even hands and there are no faults
of the volcano itself very well and apart
apart from these ten weeks although in
this week I told the sum mountain
alternate
for me it was a wonderful dumbbell
velasco that I love a lot and we conjugate
a very nice harmony within the
comedy and then there is a jewel
for rhythm
one
when they see me announced please come
come to see this movie that are the
Argentines
and is that to see this movie
Apple tree
Mexico I hope and the friends of the government
guest enable luli not our
and grasshopper will always be fine thanks
and a lot
and another